Hello,

I have 10 years of experience in the sales of amazon products, with close connections to multiple factories. I am familiar with the quality and lowest prices of products from various factories, enabling me to provide you with a more competitive edge in the local amazon market.

In addition, we have a team of graphic designers specializing in designing images for amazon products, as well as providing services such as product packaging, labeling, and assistance with FBA replenishment plans and product storage. This ensures that your sales of mother and baby products on platforms like Amazon or other e-commerce platforms are more precise and efficient, saving you valuable work time.

Our strengths include:

Custom product development, packaging, and brand optimization
Reasonable low MOQ (Minimum Order Quantity) and short delivery periods
Supplier price negotiation, comparison, and product verification
Product/brand/packaging/image design
Supervision of the factory production process to prevent delays and non-delivery situations ! ! !

Hot-selling Products:

 

Portable Home Steam Sauna Box

Full Size Personal Sauna Tent for Home Spa, Indoor Sauna Relaxation Kit with 2.6L & 1000 Watt Steam Generator, Remote Control, Foldable Chair, Foot Rest, Mat




 

Oil Press Machine

820W Automatic Oil Press Extractor Organic Oil Expeller Household Commercial Grade Stainless Steel Oil Press Machine 40-240℃ Temperature Adjustable


 

Permanent Jewelry Welder kit

Pulse Tungsten arc spot Welding Machine Weldable Solid Gold, Aluminum, Titanium Welding and Orthodontics ?for Jewelry Restoration 50A-600A 110V


 

12V air conditioning parameters

electric air conditioning unit are applicable to trucks, RVs, buses, agricultural vehicles, campers, etc. 12V split electric air conditioner


 

Seize the opportunity to boost your sales with our exclusive products! If you're interested or have any questions, please feel free to reach out. We're here to help you succeed in the competitive world of e-commerce.

Thank you for considering us as your partner.

Best Wish
Alistar